Update README.md (#156)
dataplat/dbops: README.md

* PostgreSQL
* MySQL

> In addition it also supports Azure Synapse Analytics SQL Pools (both dedicated and serverless). Be aware that with you cannot create the schemaversion table for the serverless SQL Pool. As a workaround you can set the SchemaVersionTable to null to avoidcreating the table and use relevant logic in your SQL. For example, IF EXISTS statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition it also supports Azure Synapse Analytics SQL Pools (both dedicated and serverless). Be aware that you cannot use the schemaversion table with the serverless SQL Pool - it needs to be explicitly disabled by setting SchemaVersionTable to `$null`. All scripts deployed in such scenario should be idempotent and re-runnable.
```
